NAME                                          CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                                                                                                    AGE
apsc3test3                                    10.233.22.164   <nodes>       8080:30615/TCP                                                                                             4d
apsc3test3-internal                           10.233.20.152   <none>        8000/TCP,8001/TCP                                                                                          4d
apscgenericpytest                             10.233.42.244   <nodes>       8080:31336/TCP,8001:30686/TCP,8002:31503/TCP,8003:31104/TCP,8004:30738/TCP,9090:32222/TCP,5000:30444/TCP   23d
apscgenerictestenvmnt                         10.233.61.250   <nodes>       8080:32436/TCP,8001:30261/TCP,8002:30649/TCP,8003:32527/TCP,8004:32264/TCP,9090:31809/TCP,5000:31979/TCP   28d
apscgenerictestpy1                            10.233.10.46    <nodes>       8080:30871/TCP,8001:32125/TCP,8002:32675/TCP,8003:30748/TCP,8004:31824/TCP,9090:32231/TCP,5000:30331/TCP   35d
camunda-service                               10.233.31.123   <pending>     8070:30470/TCP                                                                                             121d
chunker-service                               10.233.17.87    <pending>     8080:31520/TCP                                                                                             19d
cmlp-mongodb-svc                              10.233.18.96    <nodes>       27017:32156/TCP                                                                                            57d
cmlp-mongodb-svc-pv                           10.233.57.180   <nodes>       27017:32196/TCP                                                                                            57d
cmlp-web-svc                                  10.233.62.22    <nodes>       8080:32146/TCP                                                                                             94d
cmlp-zeppelin                                 10.233.7.192    <nodes>       9995:30701/TCP                                                                                             24d
cmlpapsctestapp                               10.233.30.214   <nodes>       8000:32470/TCP                                                                                             93d
cmlpmodelmgrcodecloud-service                 10.233.63.167   <pending>     8088:32009/TCP                                                                                             24d
cmlppredictormanagerservice                   10.233.44.42    <nodes>       8080:32097/TCP                                                                                             10h
codecloud-service                             10.233.58.86    <pending>     8081:32001/TCP                                                                                             24d
configmngmntservice                           10.233.61.1     <nodes>       8080:30527/TCP                                                                                             10d
conversation-service                          10.233.9.6      <pending>     8080:32194/TCP                                                                                             121d
coreference-resolution-service                10.233.47.241   <pending>     8080:31521/TCP                                                                                             120d
data-upload-service                           10.233.21.42    <nodes>       8180:31526/TCP                                                                                             120d
dataset-service                               10.233.3.235    <pending>     8020:32015/TCP                                                                                             18d
datasetservice-seed                           10.233.12.249   <nodes>       8020:32765/TCP                                                                                             16d
datasource-onboarding-service                 10.233.32.104   <pending>     8020:32004/TCP                                                                                             18d
datasourceservice-seed                        10.233.45.58    <nodes>       8020:31025/TCP                                                                                             17d
datastore-service                             10.233.48.153   <pending>     8095:31285/TCP                                                                                             39d
demobot                                       10.233.59.32    <nodes>       80:31956/TCP                                                                                               95d
demopmls                                      10.233.7.19     <nodes>       8080:30849/TCP,8001:32137/TCP,8002:31322/TCP,8003:31668/TCP,8004:32173/TCP,9090:31233/TCP,5000:31817/TCP   8d
dialog-service                                10.233.3.156    <pending>     8090:30610/TCP                                                                                             121d
document-categorizer-service                  10.233.4.52     <pending>     8180:31519/TCP                                                                                             58d
entity-extraction-service                     10.233.33.73    <pending>     8180:31052/TCP                                                                                             38d
glusterfs-cluster                             10.233.27.7     <none>        1/TCP                                                                                                      129d
intent-extraction-service                     10.233.4.106    <pending>     8180:30746/TCP                                                                                             38d
kafka-external                                10.233.12.29    <nodes>       9093:31013/TCP                                                                                             40d
kafka-externalservice                         10.233.5.44     <nodes>       9093:32094/TCP,9092:32319/TCP                                                                              44d
kafkastatefultest-internalservice             None            <none>        9092/TCP                                                                                                   37d
kafkastatefultest-statefulset-0               10.233.41.12    <nodes>       31830:31830/TCP                                                                                            37d
kafkastatefultest-statefulset-1               10.233.1.130    <nodes>       31034:31034/TCP                                                                                            37d
kafkastatefultest-statefulset-2               10.233.44.251   <nodes>       31480:31480/TCP                                                                                            37d
kafkastatefultest-zookeeper-externalservice   10.233.24.172   <nodes>       2181:32263/TCP,2888:30254/TCP,3888:30078/TCP                                                               37d
kafkastatefultest-zookeeper-internalservice   None            <none>        2181/TCP,2888/TCP,3888/TCP                                                                                 37d
kafkastatefultestdemo-internalservice         None            <none>        9092/TCP                                                                                                   36d
kafkastatefultestdemo-statefulset-0           10.233.20.79    <nodes>       31216:31216/TCP                                                                                            36d
kafkastatefultestdemo-statefulset-1           10.233.5.213    <nodes>       31631:31631/TCP                                                                                            36d
kafkastatefultestdemo-statefulset-2           10.233.7.45     <nodes>       31124:31124/TCP                                                                                            36d
loadbalancer-spark-master-svc                 10.233.36.214   <pending>     7077:32011/TCP,8080:32271/TCP,6066:32272/TCP                                                               115d
loadbalancer-spark-master-svc-onepod          10.233.5.152    <pending>     7077:32091/TCP,8080:32291/TCP,6066:32292/TCP,8083:31551/TCP                                                51d
loadbalancer-spark-master-svc-ssc             10.233.24.75    <pending>     8081:32267/TCP                                                                                             52d
loadbalancer-zeppelin-svc                     10.233.15.99    <pending>     9995:30766/TCP                                                                                             45d
mb095vskalatest003                            10.233.13.30    <nodes>       80:31111/TCP                                                                                               50d
model-catalog-service                         10.233.26.194   <pending>     8182:32008/TCP                                                                                             19d
model-deployment-service                      10.233.56.105   <pending>     8088:32003/TCP                                                                                             94d
model-manage                                  10.233.19.109   <nodes>       8080:31212/TCP                                                                                             95d
model-metadata-service                        10.233.11.58    <pending>     8180:32007/TCP                                                                                             94d
model-scoring-service                         10.233.55.203   <pending>     8180:32002/TCP                                                                                             66d
modelmanager-catalogsvc                       10.233.31.8     <nodes>       8182:31105/TCP                                                                                             5d
modelmanager-codecloudsvc                     10.233.25.255   <nodes>       8181:30774/TCP                                                                                             5d
modelmanager-service                          10.233.39.48    <nodes>       8088:31294/TCP                                                                                             5d
modelscoringservice-service                   10.233.33.218   <nodes>       8180:30172/TCP                                                                                             1d
nlpparser-service                             10.233.19.62    <pending>     8080:31522/TCP                                                                                             121d
nlptagger-service                             10.233.22.19    <pending>     8080:31523/TCP                                                                                             19d
ominimodel                                    10.233.18.27    <nodes>       3000:30588/TCP                                                                                             82d
openscoring-service                           10.233.7.118    <pending>     8080:32005/TCP                                                                                             95d
pmls3test3                                    10.233.29.47    <nodes>       8080:30637/TCP                                                                                             15d
pmls3test3-internal                           10.233.60.46    <none>        8000/TCP,8001/TCP                                                                                          15d
pmls3test4                                    10.233.42.50    <nodes>       8080:32598/TCP                                                                                             15d
pmls3test4-internal                           10.233.31.89    <none>        8000/TCP,8001/TCP                                                                                          15d
pmlsbaseimage                                 10.233.4.47     <nodes>       8080:32078/TCP                                                                                             15d
pmlsbaseimage-internal                        10.233.11.227   <none>        8000/TCP,8001/TCP                                                                                          15d
pmlstestapp02                                 10.233.45.82    <nodes>       8080:32588/TCP,8001:32753/TCP,8002:31277/TCP,8003:30027/TCP,8004:30052/TCP,9090:32412/TCP,5000:30079/TCP   29d
pmmlseeddev101201                             10.233.33.34    <nodes>       8185:32010/TCP                                                                                             51d
pmmlseeddev101202                             10.233.7.110    <nodes>       8185:31726/TCP                                                                                             51d
pmmlseedtemplate1                             10.233.58.175   <nodes>       8185:31597/TCP                                                                                             64d
pmmltestappr15                                10.233.22.83    <nodes>       8185:32330/TCP                                                                                             38d
rmwebstart                                    10.233.43.178   <nodes>       8080:30155/TCP                                                                                             38d
sentence-detector-service                     10.233.6.36     <pending>     8080:31524/TCP                                                                                             19d
sentiment-analysis-service                    10.233.34.4     <pending>     8180:30092/TCP                                                                                             121d
spark-jar-service                             10.233.62.30    <pending>     8080:32199/TCP                                                                                             121d
spark-master-svc                              None            <none>        7077/TCP                                                                                                   115d
spark-service                                 10.233.25.182   <pending>     8020:30999/TCP                                                                                             126d
spark-yarn-service                            10.233.10.123   <pending>     8020:31899/TCP                                                                                             117d
sscfeng1                                      10.233.26.137   <nodes>       8080:31748/TCP                                                                                             52d
tf-imagerecognition-svc                       10.233.43.115   <nodes>       8080:32605/TCP,9001:31323/TCP                                                                              113d
tokenizer-service                             10.233.9.9      <pending>     8080:31525/TCP                                                                                             19d
wid-one-web-svc                               10.233.47.12    <nodes>       3000:32157/TCP                                                                                             94d
wid-three-web-svc                             10.233.33.195   <nodes>       3000:32161/TCP                                                                                             94d
wid-two-web-svc                               10.233.35.6     <nodes>       3000:32159/TCP                                                                                             94d
widget-modelmanage-web-svc                    10.233.13.7     <nodes>       8080:32195/TCP                                                                                             24d
widget-modelmanagetype-web-svc                10.233.44.202   <nodes>       8080:32193/TCP                                                                                             36d
wireframes-web-svc                            10.233.53.223   <nodes>       9002:30019/TCP                                                                                             43d
zookeepertest1-zookeeper-externalservice      10.233.55.0     <nodes>       2181:32538/TCP,2888:31997/TCP,3888:31430/TCP,7071:30232/TCP                                                16d
zookeepertest1-zookeeper-internalservice      None            <none>        2181/TCP,2888/TCP,3888/TCP,7071/TCP                                                                        16d
zookeepertestanil-zookeeper-externalservice   10.233.39.87    <nodes>       2181:31629/TCP,2888:32586/TCP,3888:31740/TCP,7071:31865/TCP                                                18d
zookeepertestanil-zookeeper-internalservice   None            <none>        2181/TCP,2888/TCP,3888/TCP,7071/TCP                                                                        18d

